I'm so good running our first official
date Crysta here are you oh oh dear I'm
so sorry oh that's okay
and the so clever when our first
official date to honor I guess we should
talk about what people when dudes talk
about okay I'll go first
what's your favorite food that's easy a
peanut butter cup no salad no gum
definitely gotten I've come to can I
take care of orders oh I don't mean to
keep on making you fall out of your
chair
oh that's okay keeping you and you keep
on falling out of your chair
Sharona thank you there that's much
better
okay looks different here oh yeah we
just switch seats oh well I came over
here to ask you oh yeah are you ready to
place your orders uh yeah I love the
chicken salad and for you and then I'll
have spaghetti I can't be right back
um still wanna what's your favorite food
my favorite food is chocolate
you have the spaghetti
uh no I had the chicken salad okay
here's your dinner go on Oh what's your
favorite color
Oh my favorite color is purple favorite
animal oh I love dolphins dolphins huh
can I take you on a surprise date
tomorrow
well I'll have to check my calendar
let's see wake up eat shower wear a
princess dress do princess things
shopping with a pencil and Ariel and I'm
free after that so I'll pick you up at
3:00 okay it's a date I hope you liked
watching my first date with Krista like
and subscribe to see our next date it's
a surprise